Vice president 
Vishrut Mishra 
“I started the journey as a hobby and timepass, meet few good seniors in my first year but more colourful part of the journey was waiting when i reached my final year (post COVID). I feel so lucky that i got such sweet juniors, i made a lot of golden memories for my life. I wish I could just go back in time and enjoy few more days in that heaven. Now as i am added in the list of alumini i will always try my best to add value to the club and support my junior in any possibile way i can.” 


Technical Lead
Devasish Das
“Udaan was not just a club for me it was a family. My time here with everyone filled my heart with unforgettable memories. Late nights at tiir and workshop with early mornings at dts and stsc, it was a journey of pure joy. Visiting senior hostels at late nights to calling juniors at odd hours I'm gonna miss every moment I had spent there.”


Technical Coordinator 2018-2019
Anugandula Sricharan
“Udaan is my first and only club where I travelled with it for three year,s .I have met fantastic,hard working, passionate club members and seniors and made an ever lasting bond.
This has introduced to me the world of water rockets, hovercrafts, RC Planes etc. which is far different from academics.
Participating competitions in iit Kanpur is a lifetime experience.
I  feel proud to be a part of team who have successfully conducted Hoveron 2.O .
Anyway when I remember this udaan name, I remember lots of memories of late night prepartions,early morning flight trials  etc.”



Technical head, 2020-21
Abdeali attarwala
“Flight is amazing than destination “


Chief Coordinator 
Nitesh Gupta 
“UDAAN is a true example of sky is the limit. You can begin from scratch and soon you experience your first flight while you also have had multiple set backs but each time coming up improved and strong. You not only learn technical stuff but also how life works. A team of passionate people and a great company of course.”



President ( 2017- 2018)
Namrata Bhattacharya
“Udaan has always been the closest to my heart since the beginning. It gave me a family in NITR and new friends which I will cherish always. The warmth and the fun we had in working was immense. Also, Udaan gave us the opportunity to participate in intercollege tech fests in IIT Kgp and IIT Kanpur. This gave us exposure and made our team bonding very strong. A huge part of my amazing college life can be credited to Udaan . Always proud to be a part of Udaan Family.”


Electronics lead 2020
Sayansree Paria
“When I joined UDAAN we mostly focused on mechanical aspect only. I started to put out the importance of electronics. Then we had a seperate sub-team for electronics. Then we build a lot of things from flight controllers to drones to rocket stabilizers.
When I Joined I UDAAN just after jee and Josha I was very motivated to build many things through clubs and get huge acheivements. However when I am writing this I realize that this club made me realize that sometimes there is fun in making simple things more perfect. I remember we once were optimising water rockets for maximum range for months making custom size bottle by splicing many bottles, taking it multistage, making it as a glider or adding electronics to stear the rocket. These days were the times that was best and will never forget.”



Vice - President
Pushpendu Nandi
“Since my first year, I have witnessed Udaan undergo tremendous growth. They have gone from building Hovercraft to designing incredible planes, launching model rockets, winning and even organizing prestigious aeromodelling competitions. It has been truly awe-inspiring to witness their journey. Not only has the team size expanded significantly, but they forged a deep connection with their teammates. Moreover, I have been witnessing Udaan enthusiastically embark on new ventures. I wholeheartedly wish them the best of luck in all their future endeavors.”


President 2019-20 ; 
Media/publicity coordinator 2017-18
Chillarige Ajay Kumar 
“Udaan is like second family. It was great experience hanging out with club members learning new things and going out for multiple competitions. Missing those night outs when we used to design and build RC planes and Hovercrafts. #FlyHigh”


Chief Coordinator
Soumya Sekhar Pradhan
“UDAAN is the club where you can find the right wings to your area of interest and expertise. As a team it takes off your dreams to a height. I am really gratefull that I was a part of the club and contributed something to the club which helped me gain confidence in my area of interest.”



Secretary and treasurer 
Vijay kumar Nimbai
“Back in 2008, our team of four, including Anuj Verma, Shashikant, Amit Kumar Singh, and myself, Vijay Kumar Nimbai, played a pivotal role in reviewing and reviving the Udaan club, which was barely active at the time. As the secretary and treasurer of the club, we initially focused on organizing workshops for our juniors and school children, while also actively participating in various competitions. Our main objective was to emphasize the importance of learning over the final outcome. Through our consistent efforts, we successfully revitalized the Udaan club, attracting a dedicated group of 30 to 40 active members by 2010, and since then, the club has never looked back.”

